string string
print
insert 5a4coHe5 I194j
maximum_key
insert oJLEMgY cxCmHx
insert 3pdC D8vDTo4S
insert OLJuZ TnTUKO
insert 4Wmvse RcgrW3
minimum_key
extract 3pdC
maximum_key
peek 4Wmvse
peek 5a4coHe5
extract 4Wmvse
insert P4h8n2qk bcPl
print
insert LeaQsrj VxMQi
empty
extract oJLEMgY
insert BPo1EjW Bpn7
insert 8Bkir24 jtLn
print
extract BPo1EjW
peek P4h8n2qk
size
empty
insert Tu3jOx eafEe3sr
insert YjPs 8kHJ5
extract YjPs
maximum_key
insert WK4f hmokJ
size
extract 8Bkir24
insert sVOYX G3zrx
extract 5a4coHe5
peek sVOYX
insert rahceQB1 Pmc9lv0
maximum_key
insert hccs Rwuj7QW
insert fYfBN4b 9xYF5pe
print
peek Tu3jOx
empty
minimum_key
extract sVOYX
peek rahceQB1
extract P4h8n2qk
minimum_key
print
extract rahceQB1
minimum_key
insert xSHrx NUaINvi
extract xSHrx
minimum_key
insert mNC1j7N WQaB
print
insert 8grgo T22BMJf
empty
maximum_key
print
minimum_key
insert BUAJ C7LTAQ
insert qQAf f0lpvi
peek WK4f
insert 2Rsoo SlvumJG
insert ZqSolWQ OsuDSX
insert 0xhG GG7yJjDF
insert cy6xefo cszNU7r
maximum_key
minimum_key
insert 5wNw0dp V1OuW8I
peek 8grgo
peek cy6xefo
peek hccs
peek hccs
minimum_key
insert H7O5D 7u8W
insert u1GO4H 6p3ZH1y
extract fYfBN4b
insert 5BitwcV 1GDHTy
insert CZlU 0rROPbK
print
insert EgNwePoz IKtt
insert qI7P p4BJ7
print
insert Oe5dA Ty4mg0S
print
empty
insert Z0Bnx OWqsX
peek cy6xefo
insert EY92T ceCE
peek 2Rsoo
extract BUAJ
print
extract 5wNw0dp
maximum_key
insert 6RrVSB 4Py7t
maximum_key
minimum_key
peek EY92T
print
peek 0xhG
print
extract qI7P
size
peek 6RrVSB
extract 8grgo
size
minimum_key
maximum_key
empty
size
print
insert DZHjDf9 cCgUBBV6
peek H7O5D
maximum_key
insert BlGGnxx nhaXIj
insert f417Z t5gtM2
print
size
minimum_key
insert jI6pvhH j1vPF5hG
insert y28a VuOmvT1
maximum_key
peek 6RrVSB
size
insert 4DWE nmHPG
print
minimum_key
insert ANnqjgm 0eWrnMxD
size
print
maximum_key
empty
maximum_key
insert vhLq0wvb r1j77dc5
minimum_key
extract mNC1j7N
peek WK4f
minimum_key
empty
insert T6CndT MhQfaMI
empty
extract BlGGnxx
insert ERKwm6JF GO4c
insert INXby1ez lPs4fuO
extract OLJuZ
insert g2H3dj nXVQE55O
minimum_key
extract INXby1ez
insert 5zIEIqU GNPuYSnb
maximum_key
print
peek u1GO4H
peek DZHjDf9
maximum_key
extract 4DWE
insert qPCWi 65Pd
peek jI6pvhH
maximum_key
insert dv8T SUuL
print
extract LeaQsrj
maximum_key
empty
extract Oe5dA
insert IhqGYU 3KZ0
insert w6eUY2B Dlax7
print
size
insert loFy Fdg08
maximum_key
print
minimum_key
peek qQAf
peek qQAf
peek 5zIEIqU
empty
maximum_key
print
extract 6RrVSB
extract EY92T
insert eZE516 n0Zb5
print
empty
peek EgNwePoz
extract qPCWi
extract f417Z
insert gC4zs3dU jWPkQ6AU
size
insert NvW3KTm QzfueoZl
minimum_key
extract g2H3dj
print
insert QuiLvX3 RK3dw
peek QuiLvX3
extract Z0Bnx
size
minimum_key
print
maximum_key
size
print
peek qQAf
print
size
print
insert RynjS Lqu0wGb
peek EgNwePoz
maximum_key
size
maximum_key
print
minimum_key
peek hccs
maximum_key
empty
size
insert 2jG1E1 8WKHS1
extract Tu3jOx
minimum_key
size
insert R8jJbZi WWJHjY
size
insert tnkrwBO MrIgWl
peek u1GO4H
insert Hcgm 7h92Cn
empty
insert 61al i1rc
maximum_key
insert lky9Z oVbx4V
maximum_key
insert KuaqE mKJJDWf2
insert XpG10A zmBi
peek DZHjDf9
quit
