name int
10
print
bucket_count
insert Alanil Telvani -473
bucket_count
extract Alanil Telvani
insert Tinos Omayn 957
size
extract Tinos Omayn
size
print
empty
peek Garila Selarys
peek Tandram Rothalen
insert Daroso Marvani -532
extract Daroso Marvani
bucket_count
extract Favas Rendas
print
insert Ralmyn Nervion -575
insert Feranos Relarys -834
bucket_count
extract Balver Uleni
insert Salvas Salothan 140
extract Sadas Vavas
size
bucket_count
extract Salvas Salothan
insert Favilea Rendas 597
peek Ralmyn Nervion
insert Favela Dalobar 861
bucket_count
peek Favilea Rendas
hash_code Ralmyn Nervion
insert Favilea Rendas -445
extract Favela Dalobar
extract Feranos Relarys
insert Manwe Darethran 572
peek Manwe Darethran
bucket_count
extract Favilea Rendas
insert Irvsie Nelvani -441
insert Favilea Saren -440
extract Manwe Darethran
insert Elmussa Helas -778
print
peek Ralmyn Nervion
extract Ralmyn Nervion
insert Llaalam Arns 526
extract Elmussa Helas
print
empty
size
insert Guril Tharyon 385
size
insert Guril Tharyon 612
insert Irvsie Nelvani -985
hash_code Irvsie Nelvani
insert Raldenu Nalyn 791
extract Llaalam Arns
extract Raldenu Nalyn
insert Danoso Moren 172
extract Irvsie Nelvani
print
extract Danoso Moren
insert Vonden Maloren -440
peek Vonden Maloren
extract Vonden Maloren
empty
print
hash_code Guril Tharyon
print
peek Favilea Saren
size
print
hash_code Favilea Saren
print
insert Foryn Selarys 993
size
peek Selman Beneran
print
empty
insert Valvosa Garvon 577
bucket_count
hash_code Galsa Hleran
insert Lleras Andoren -782
print
insert Llaalamu Sadus 207
peek Foryn Selarys
insert Alnas Herendas 795
insert Sedyni Tharam -159
insert Alvan Uveran -217
extract Lleras Andoren
extract Favilea Saren
insert Avon Hardil 907
hash_code Llaalamu Sadus
empty
extract Sedyni Tharam
print
extract Llaalamu Sadus
insert Dedaenc Tunel -963
insert Valvosa Garvon 272
size
insert Vadusa Nethan -102
size
extract Almse Nethalen
extract Valvosa Garvon
empty
insert Folvys Salaron 424
insert Ulveni Favel 622
peek Dedaenc Tunel
insert Selmen Milar -860
size
insert Dandera Indrano 774
extract Avon Hardil
empty
peek Alvan Uveran
peek Guril Tharyon
extract Guril Tharyon
size
peek Vadusa Nethan
print
extract Alnas Herendas
insert Dedaenc Telvayn -433
peek Aroa Daram
insert Dunel Dalis -444
extract Dandera Indrano
insert Drarayne Teria -796
peek Dedaenc Tunel
bucket_count
size
peek Alvan Uveran
print
insert Folvys Salaron -381
quit
