int name
12
extract -992
size
extract 624
insert 723 Goras Hloran
print
extract 723
extract 477
peek 520
size
peek 502
extract 341
size
insert -425 Deval Menas
bucket_count
hash_code -425
insert -894 Drelis Uleni
insert -700 Tarvus Uvaram
insert -971 Milar Ravel
insert -820 Favani Seri
insert -536 Domesea Elvul
size
insert -177 Ilen Faram
peek -536
extract -425
insert 359 Nevon Mencele
extract -894
peek -971
print
insert 229 Foves Raviro
bucket_count
print
empty
print
insert 735 Banden Deras
extract -971
empty
bucket_count
insert 173 Ralen Hledas
print
hash_code -820
empty
extract 229
print
hash_code 735
print
peek 735
print
peek -820
print
extract -536
extract -820
peek 359
print
peek -177
insert 740 Dilvene Drinith
size
hash_code -177
bucket_count
insert -823 Ethes Drals
extract -177
insert -265 Nilvyn Drilvi
extract 740
insert 536 Sadal Elarven
insert 653 Vadeni Hloran
insert -790 Talsi Hlaren
insert 439 Balsa Arobar
insert -284 Melvure Verethi
insert 954 Dralcea Drathen
hash_code -24
insert -276 Terer Llandu
extract 448
size
insert 128 Tarar Bedas
hash_code 173
insert -169 Golar Savil
insert 488 Melsu Llothas
insert 536 Thauraver Adas
insert 602 Brerayne Tobor
size
extract -265
extract 359
insert -602 Urvel Salothran
extract -918
insert 211 Guls Samarys
insert 439 Llarusea Reloth
extract -169
insert 980 Drerel Belaal
hash_code 439
size
extract 735
size
extract 488
insert -415 Vatollia Othreleth
print
extract 602
extract -284
insert -372 Fevris Ertis
size
print
extract 536
hash_code 653
size
insert 659 Hort Favani
size
print
peek 659
print
hash_code 128
extract -823
extract -700
size
insert -400 Meryn Girethi
insert -676 Dinor Arns
insert 570 Dils Farothran
bucket_count
print
extract 570
insert 298 Meder Varam
extract 128
peek 298
insert -829 Girvani Sari
peek -676
bucket_count
insert -204 Sarayn Drobar
extract -353
hash_code -562
extract -204
empty
bucket_count
peek 921
insert -692 Alvos Nalyn
extract 653
insert -490 Tivam Hlervi
size
hash_code -676
insert -504 Thoryn Fendyn
size
peek 211
peek -372
extract -400
insert 896 Tiras Saren
insert -523 Falanu Rothren
hash_code -186
peek 211
extract 173
extract 896
print
insert -778 Raynila Nelas
peek 439
empty
insert -372 Felara Neleth
empty
bucket_count
peek -415
insert 10 Endroni Tharys
peek -778
print
insert -502 Endar Raram
insert -63 Melvuli Thirano
extract -63
extract -602
hash_code 298
insert -483 Marena Indules
empty
bucket_count
insert -137 Novor Telvayn
extract -44
extract 924
insert 503 Badama Mavandes
empty
insert -98 Ulyne Faveran
print
extract -535
print
peek 980
bucket_count
peek -98
peek 980
quit
