int name
3
bucket_count
insert 736 Miner Teri
print
extract 736
extract 511
peek 4
bucket_count
insert -482 Meder Alvor
size
insert -105 Feruren Othralen
insert 728 Norus Apo
insert -733 Folyni Barelo
empty
size
extract -482
print
bucket_count
hash_code 728
extract -105
empty
insert 940 Ulvil Othralen
print
insert 160 Tavilu Salandas
peek 940
insert 160 Hleras Releth
print
insert 728 Drarayne Baren
insert -232 Idronea Ramarys
extract 160
insert -396 Talis Marys
print
insert 601 Tredyn Brenur
insert 906 Daynas Herendas
resize 12
extract 237
extract -226
empty
hash_code -232
peek 728
print
size
insert 77 Drathas Teran
insert 962 Evesa Giral
extract 962
size
insert 487 Ulms Dareleth
peek -232
insert 741 Sevame Andaren
extract 236
insert -685 Gilmyn Favani
bucket_count
hash_code -733
hash_code 741
bucket_count
size
insert -887 Nalami Davor
extract 940
extract 77
insert 446 Boderi Athram
print
insert 659 Trerayna Relenim
extract -685
resize 47
size
extract -232
resize 30
insert -39 Bodsa Sarathram
print
insert 421 Milara Drothan
size
empty
bucket_count
extract 487
extract 741
extract -423
print
insert -325 Nalmen Saryon
peek -733
resize 14
print
insert -522 Divayth Sadri
peek 659
peek 906
empty
extract 421
bucket_count
peek -396
extract 728
peek -733
peek -887
hash_code -522
peek -325
insert 446 Tonas Rinith
insert -561 Golar Omaren
extract -522
peek -325
extract 789
empty
insert -989 Gilyn Nethan
insert -765 Thurisea Andrano
size
insert -528 Galyn Gidran
extract 446
extract -396
extract 906
print
hash_code 659
print
peek -325
peek -39
print
hash_code -39
extract -39
peek 601
extract -528
extract -989
hash_code -887
extract -400
peek 659
peek -325
extract -733
extract 659
empty
insert -307 Danel Farandas
insert -561 Anas Indobar
resize 14
size
insert -105 Irver Beloren
extract -105
peek -887
insert 562 Beyte Sarinith
bucket_count
insert 784 Rindral Uvaren
size
insert -856 Eldil Hloran
print
bucket_count
extract 22
extract -561
size
bucket_count
insert -875 Galen Ilnith
size
extract -765
print
peek 898
peek -875
peek 562
peek 784
extract -875
extract -307
insert 938 Beraren Sathryon
resize 42
extract -887
insert 562 Dravil Delvi
resize 10
print
insert -264 Edd Salandas
peek -325
empty
size
peek 601
extract 562
peek -639
resize 11
extract 601
insert -392 Thauraver Menas
insert 960 Miara Nilem
print
extract 960
resize 33
peek -392
size
resize 7
quit
